Active Fault-Tolerant Control for Nonlinear LPV delayed System

Omayma MANSOURI ,Ali Ben Brahim 1 , Fayc¸al Ben Hmida , and Anis
Sellam i1 Laboratory of Industrial Systems and Renewable Energy
Engineering (LISIER) Department of Electrical
Engineering,ENSIT,University of Tunis,Tunis, Tunisia





unstrctured, A lot of equations (more than 50) but not well
explained. Hastely written, hard to understand

A lot of typos,

Eq. (10) transformation is possible, yes, but what is it good for?
Why do we neeed this transformation.

name tilde appears in the text, most likely forgotten to add a slash
in the LaTeX source code. That happened several times.....

Eq. (15) french words: si and sinon....

In Theorem the assumptions 1-3 referenced to not really exist in the
text. The are some other assumptions H3.1 ... H3.4. Very confusing....

For a lot of information which seems to be important to understand the
papaer is referred to papers. So it's hard or even impossible to
follow the idea of the paper.

In the paper is written, that the adaptive sliding-mode observer
defined by equations (14), but (14) are 'only' the definition of some
gain matrices. Why is the sliding mode observer adaptive, or what is
the adaptive part of the SMO?

Eq. (24) is crashed ....


For the sliding mode controller the control strategy allows local
nonlinear models and variable delay. What is the maximal allowed
delay to ensure stability?

A block diagram would be very helpfull to understand how the proposed
equations interact with each other....

On page 4 it is referred to an equation (namely (45)), which is
introdueced several pages later.... ?

Also in page 4: The time derivative of (??)  gives the following
==> (??)

Eq. (38): what are \mu_i and \mu_j good for - not explained at all in
the text.

On page 5 several questionmarks appear in the text - no proper
referrencing.

Section VI: Application of the proposed concept to a diesel engine.

What are the states of the system under consideration ??

Figure 1: which actuator is it? Actuator of the
Exhaus-Gas-Recirculation, the Variable Turbine Geometry of the turbo
charger, the inejctioin valve, .....
